RFC 6265bis: SameSite -- clarify request method on redirects (#1331)
httpwg/http-extensions: draft-ietf-httpbis-rfc6265bis.md

the `SameSite` attribute in a "Lax" enforcement mode that carves out an
exception which sends same-site cookies along with cross-site requests if and
only if they are top-level navigations which use a "safe" (in the {{RFC7231}}

> sense) HTTP method. (Note that a request's method is updated on redirects, such
> that "safe"ness is determined based on the method of the most recent redirect
> hop.)

Reviewer: How about the following change to incorporate @reschke's suggestion:

```suggestion
sense) HTTP method. (Note that a request's method may be changed from POST
to GET for some redirects (see sections 6.4.2 and 6.4.3 of {{RFC7231}}); in these
cases, a request's "safe"ness is determined based on the method of the current
redirect hop.)
```
